Update README.md (#151)
DICL/VeloxDFS: README.md

---
<!-- @endcond -->

> _VeloxDFS_ is a decentralized distributed file system for ETL MapReduce frmaeworks, which has compatible APIs with HDFS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_VeloxDFS_ is a decentralized Hadoop compatible distributed file system for ETL (Extract, transform, and load) MapReduce frameworks.
```
